We request that the editorial team make the following edits:
- line 15: change "excellent" to "good"
- line 27: change "the most promising technology" to "among the most promising technologies"
- line 285: remove the comma after the phrase "In this work"
- line 371: change "gene/gRNA" to "gene-gRNA"
- please update our Figure 3 (attached). We shifted the legend in panel "a" so that it aligns with the legend in panel "b."

Below are our responses to the questions at the end of the proof:

Q1 remark. The corresponding author is correct.

Q2 remark. The section citations are correct.

Q3 remark. The caption for Table 1 is incorrect. The third sentence should come immediately after the first two sentences. Thus, the caption for Table 1 should read as follows: "Statistical methods employed in single-cell CRISPR screen analysis. Parametric methods are non-robust to misspecified gene expression distributions, and classical nonparametric methods cannot adjust for confounders. Conditional resampling (implemented in this work as SCEPTRE) addresses both challenges"

We are unable to see the supplementary materials. Are those available to view somewhere?

Q4 remark. We acknowledge that the sentence "The authors read and approved the final manuscript." has been added to the end of the paragraph of the "Authors' contributions" section.

Q5 remark. We acknowledge that "Ethics approval" has been changed to “Ethics approval and consent to participate.”

Q6 remark. We confirm that the affiliations are captured and presented correctly.

Q7 remark. References [2] and [12] are captured and presented correctly.

Q8 remark. There is no page number available for reference [10]. However, the article number is 19. Therefore, the citation should be as follows: Yang L, Zhu Y, Yu H, Chen S, Chu Y, Huang H, Zhang J, Li W. Linking genotypes with multiple phenotypes in single-cell CRISPR screens. Genome Biol. 2020;21(19).

Q9 remark. The citation for [25] should be updated to the following: Pierce, S.E., Granja, J.M. & Greenleaf, W.J. High-throughput single-cell chromatin accessibility CRISPR screens enable unbiased identification of regulatory networks in cancer. Nat Commun. 2021; 12(2969).

The citation for [26] should be updated to the following: Molei Liu, Eugene Katsevich, Lucas Janson, Aaditya Ramdas, Fast and Powerful Conditional Randomization Testing via Distillation, Biometrika. 2021; asab039.

[26] has not yet been assigned a page number range. [33] is a Github repository and therefore does not have a page number or page range.
